Update Modular Pipeline documentation and split Micropackaging into its own page (#1128)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: RELEASE.md

## Major features and improvements
* Added new CLI group `registry`, with the associated commands `kedro registry list` and `kedro registry describe`, to replace `kedro pipeline list` and `kedro pipeline describe`.

> * Added support for dependency management at a modular pipeline level. When a pipeline with `requirements.txt` is packaged, its dependencies are embedded in the modular pipeline wheel file. Upon pulling the pipeline, Kedro will append dependencies to the project's `requirements.in`. More information is available in [our documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/06_nodes_and_pipelines/04_micro_packaging.html).

Reviewer: We shouldn't retroactively update old links to new pages but instead make sure they point to the correct version of the docs. 
```suggestion
* Added support for dependency management at a modular pipeline level. When a pipeline with `requirements.txt` is packaged, its dependencies are embedded in the modular pipeline wheel file. Upon pulling the pipeline, Kedro will append dependencies to the project's `requirements.in`. More information is available in [our documentation](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/0.17.5/06_nodes_and_pipelines/03_modular_pipelines.html#package-a-modular-pipeline).
```
